Hi, I'm Marcelo and this is Iron Sharpen's Iron.
So we've made the initial call and it went really well.
We were able to share a scripture, we had a nice conversation and we even left the person
with a question.
But then we have to make what for some brothers and sisters is somewhat difficult, the dreaded
return visit.
But why do some of us feel that way?
Well, we might worry thinking, I tried to return quickly, but they weren't there.
So will they even remember me?
Will they still be interested?
Will they ask me a question I'm not prepared for?
All of these might be legitimate concerns, but we need to remember that our go at this
moment is just to continue a conversation.
It's better to focus on what we do know.
This person's already shown interest, remembering that can help minimize uneasiness.
But let's also look at three practical steps that give us the best chance for a successful
return visit.
The first step is be warm and friendly.
So focus on just getting yourself relaxed, that way you can be warm and friendly when you
greet them.
It's natural for some of us to feel a measure of anxiety, conversing with someone we don't
know well.
But if we've prepared well ahead of time, we can now take a deep breath, focus on the
value of the message and smile.
This can help us to relax, and often our smile is contagious.
I'm Laura.
The last time I was here, we talked about who controls the world.
Yes, I remember.
You even showed me it is the devil, right?
Yeah, that's right.
If you have a few minutes, I wanted to answer the question that I left with you last
time.
Why does God allow suffering?
Did you notice how she didn't put the householder on the spot?
She reminded the woman of her name and also the topic they had discussed on the initial
call.
Now, she can continue her discussion right where she left off.
God allow suffering.
I'm kind of busy right now, but do you mind if I ask you a question?
Now, this is the moment we sometimes fear most.
We plan to continue the discussion, but the householder has an unexpected question.
So, here's one approach that works well if we would like to have more time to prepare
a response.
I'd like to know if the Bible says anything about gay marriage.
You know, that's a really good question.
Well, in a way, it does talk about that, but would it be okay with you if I answered this
other question first?
Then I can do some research and find the best possible scriptures to be able to answer
your question next time that I come.
Does that sound okay?
Sure.
That's fine.
Did you see how our sister just gave an honest response?
We can simply ask if it would be okay to continue our current discussion so we can do some
research and return with a better answer.
Most householders will appreciate that.
But if the question isn't too difficult or we feel comfortable giving a response, that's
fine.
We can always adapt.
The idea is to try to continue our discussion, but if necessary, we can always adjust it.
And here's our last tip.
Give them wanting more.
Make sure to keep our visit brief and leave them wanting more.
What approach can we use?
Set up a question for the next visit.
Huh, that's interesting.
So this thought leads us to another question.
If God allows suffering to happen, when will He put an end to it?
That's a good question.
But since I mentioned I would be brief, could I maybe come back Saturday?
Then I can answer this question and also the other one you asked.
Yeah, that would be great.
There it is.
Three easy steps that can help us be more comfortable and also help us make successful
return visits.
Be warm and friendly, continue our discussion and leave them wanting more.
I know these tips have helped me and I sure hope they help you as we work together to sharpen
one another.